how do you know which city to increase as
every day in this new be more beautiful
is he and I are on a special day
because we started a new series that
I believe that it will last as two
maximum elements in which I will
explain how they will get more elite will
they spend warfare and flying normal weapons
fig trees of the game or of
lower categories as a professional or
cadet that are much easier than you
touch no and well we start with the vall
27 we're going to match the ops and steve and
good here I leave the
characteristics of the two pallets of the
usina in steve and the normal and good
tell you that the first one before anything that
let's do it with the normal and with the
carbon
if you have the 27 coal that is a mold
of a cadet model well enough
better because because it's going to stay
quite our soul not like first
we go with the normal good so here you see
in that almost so special to this option
strict that he gains two damage and loses
a tiny dot of cadence precision and
driving and earn one of mobility for this
it translates into that short distances and
half-distances were bushes of three
bullets that is a real barbarity and
also the lack is not so bad and
far in four they live alone
of this game and well then let's
try to equal first and tactical with
the normal value and then nothing goes there
come here we have the class with the
hand and then well here you see the vall
normal we put the base to say that
what the game gives you and well it is
with we remember to wash instincts
iván stipulates that I can let
cattle of mobility damage 1 and already
you know he loses that precision
cadence and good handling with the damage
let's start with more important with
the damage can not be done at all or it is not
There is no accessory that allows you
increase the damage then on the coal itself
that we can do it with the damage that already
we will see it we tested with the good standard
well here to gain mobility you
we had to put the butt and we had
plus one more point of mobility than what
follow steve is worth the cia that is
chalk when losing a decadence as you see
here is going to less has no more
precision because to have cadence pulls
less bullets and the weapon has less than
tropero then was the normal one goes
very much by far it is very much because
because to say that they have the same
belief so I think it is
indispensable to put a hilt
this would also have three dots
more accurately than steve and
stop now
to put something that does not over here
so that we never run out of ammunition
it is better that we put chargers
great because that way we will not stay
without ammunition with the vall and then you can
shoot if you find two guys or
more there then forever to load and good
it is normal that we can not match
those two points of damage but yes that with
the cadence is therefore counteracted a little
no then it's not like they did spinner
as the chair in this error
it is true that they were with this advisors
with says very well and let's try with
the coal of the consell good so here
you see the characteristics of the vall 27
carbon that adds a point of damage and
Take a little bit of precision worth this
weapon is very good because when adding that
speck of damage kills three bullets
short distances then half yes
it's true that it depends on how you bite them
but it can be three to four bullets
but the good thing about this weapon is that
long distance we will always be
from 4 to 2 is not like the normal 27 that
you have to kill
of 5 not so come as you see
here wash 27 coal to earn that little dot
of damage is like what I told you before
we can do something with the year we already have
the one that gives us that is the echo so
we go with the transitions
well you know here you see it then
we have to put more or less 2 -
accessories that before we would put the
silver to gain mobility you
we would put the hilt because it was
to the far away yes it is true that it goes and
Even though he kills me from four sentry boxes,
we put the handle so that it does not
they are going to look at us to take for ass
and we also put two chargers
great and little this would be an endorsement
27 very very good that is almost almost almost
same as the one or follow that steve also with
very good features because it
they gain everything except the damage
they win everything was at least in the damage and
in the damage there will come a small dot that
note only half distances because to
long kills four bullets like the
chair in steve and nearby kills from
three bullets with speed in style
I wake up that half stays kills
one more bullet
later I think we were very
well it 's almost the same as it did dress and
well, nothing more, I hope that you
have liked this when they did steve
da laxe is adjusted subscribed if not
you are and we will see you the next goodbye